App to test network connectivity to CE services (#133)
IBM/CodeEngine: network-test-app/README.md

> # Network Connectivity Support App
> 
> This sample is intended for the purpose of allowing support engineers to create an app that attempts to connect to Code Engine services. In the case of a customer raising a support ticket regarding issues connecting their Code Engine apps/jobs to CE services, a support engineer can then suggest to a customer to deploy an image of this app and examine the output.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Network Connectivity Test App

This sample is intended to help users debug connectivity issues for IBM Cloud Services. You can use this app to help isolate network connection issues between your own code and a working app.

```

- - -

This sample includes a `build` script which will build the container image and push the image to `icr.io/codeengine/network-test-app`. The customer should:
- Pull the image `icr.io/codeengine/network-test-app`

> - Deploy the image as a job definition
> - Run the job and send the output to the support engineer via the support ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy the image as an application
- Make an HTTP request to your application, and observe the response
```

## Configuring the Service Credentials for the App

> This app works by attempting to connect to a CE service; in order to do this properly, it must consume service credentials that should be configured by creating a `service binding` between the customer's project and the service they wish to connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app works by attempting to connect your Code Engine project to another IBM Cloud service; in order to do this properly, it must consume service credentials that should be configured by creating a `service binding` between the customer's project and the service they wish to connect to.
```

> For more information about how to create a service binding, see [Adding services by using IBM Cloud service binding](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-service-binding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to create a service binding, see [Working with service bindings to integrate IBM Cloud services with Code Engine](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-service-binding).
```
